statistics: Add a note about the solution of a potential OOM issue (#6923)
pingcap/docs: statistics.md

# Introduction to Statistics

> TiDB uses statistics to decide [which index to choose](/choose-index.md). The `tidb_analyze_version` variable controls the statistics collected by TiDB. Currently, two versions of statistics are supported: `tidb_analyze_version = 1` and `tidb_analyze_version = 2`. In versions before v5.1.0, the default value of this variable is `1`. In v5.1 and v5.2, the default value of this variable is `2`, which serves as an experimental feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB uses statistics to decide [which index to choose](/choose-index.md). The `tidb_analyze_version` variable controls the statistics collected by TiDB. Currently, two versions of statistics are supported: `tidb_analyze_version = 1` and `tidb_analyze_version = 2`. In versions before v5.1.0, the default value of this variable is `1`. In v5.1, v5.2, and v5.3, the default value of this variable is `2`, which serves as an experimental feature.
```

Reviewer: 中文也请帮忙改下，谢谢

Author: 已在 https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/7884 中修改

> **Note:**
>

> > When `tidb_analyze_version = 2`, if memory overflow occurs after you execute `ANALYZE`, you need to set `tidb_analyze_version = 1` and perform one of the following operations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When `tidb_analyze_version = 2`, if memory overflow occurs after `ANALYZE` is executed, you need to set `tidb_analyze_version = 1` and perform one of the following operations:
```

Reviewer: 不一定是用户执行的，可能是系统自动执行的，所以这里不能写 you execute
